# Who Made Pandora's Box for Crumbs to Open

A rhetorical overview of the dilemmas the fictional American President Crumbs' administration let out to the public. Generated by Claude Sonnet 4.6.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

During the rule of President Crumbs, the man became a disproportionately frequent booby for failures by Americans in places high and low. See [An abstract and jaded allusion to the issues harbored during the rule of the fictional American President Crumbs](https://github.com/Changissnz/still_in_denial_under_the_crumbs_administration__claude_generated) for more on that. It was not Crumbs himself that opened the door for illegal immigrants. It was not Crumbs himself that stored loads and loads of personal information on Americans, for use in political leveraging, pressure, and dealmaking. Crumbs himself, besides from being a president, expended a lot of capital and time in court on charges from weaponized use of his personal information. The mention of this is in no way to defend that elite from his excesses, in great part because of his upbringing in wealth. He could afford things early on in life, at least in the financial sense. The public got an accurate glimpse of the luxuries and sins of wealth associated with the man when he became president.

With past leaders, such as Jameson Cartreau and Barracks Fromthebomba, one of their attributes their proponents were always espousing was their so-called humble upbringing. Jameson Cartreau's family owned entire plantations of peanuts, tomatoes, and corn in the Southeast. If the United States was similar to Latin America — which the Southeastern region actually was, in terms of wealth and social conservatism and violence — Jameson would be a baron. Jameson actually was a baron. He was never a peasant. He never had to go through the hell of American academia or put himself on the front line in any military confrontation. Cartreau was a rich coward before he became president, and when he became president, he was a soft leader on the world stage and promoted clan-based demagoguery in the domestic United States. This characterization of Cartreau would have been in ill taste during Cartreau's time in office. But in hindsight, stories such as [A synopsis of the fictional American President Crumbs' administration](https://github.com/Changissnz/the_president_crumbs_era_in_one_nutshell__claude_generated) provide evidence on the junta-styled politics in the Southeastern region of the United States during the Crumbs era. That kind of political governance, junta-styled, must have come from somewhere. The most likely culprit? Jameson Cartreau and his political faction.

With Barracks Fromthebomba, he came from Haryale University, an institution known just as much for importing cocaine straight from Colombia to lure and corrupt its students as it was for sending them straight to important positions such as the Oval Office and Pentagon leadership. So what if Barracks was a Moor, a dark-skinned Southern Caucasoid, without any money to his name before he became president, when he did not need any money to his name because institutions such as Haryale backed him? Besides from backing Barracks, the federal police also suspected Haryale to be the sole supplier of cocaine to Barracks during his time in office. The convoluted way by which institutions and law have always worked in America meant that most if not all of the federal police investigating the cocaine supply to Barracks would go missing or mysteriously die, ironically from cocaine overdoses. Barracks, during his time in office, fancied himself a socialist. But he was liberal and passive in allowing free-market capitalists to do most of the work across the country. The way Barracks acted professionally — his quick-paced speech in a high-pitched tone of voice — was something that made a lot of his spectators, including the corporatist press, silent and awkward to talk about the elephant in the room. When Crumbs took over, the policies of Barracks Fromthebomba had put most of the American populace under immense debt. Big financial institutions, in official records, were owed all sorts of items and goods from the American citizenry. And that was a big cause for the ascent of Crumbs into the topmost political office in the nation. Welcome to the world of American elitism, always the thing the corporatist press wanted citizens to dream of and something most citizens could only die for before achieving.

---

During the beginning of the second quarter, Crumbs' right-wing style of federalism was met with discontent from the minoritarian populace. The political faction, during that time period, had grown increasingly against technology and orthodoxy, blaming those two categories of institutions as the cause for socioeconomic hardships. By the time Crumbs took office, the country had become very riddled in debt. Crumbs made it worse by attempting to centralize the capital machine of the nation, while decentralizing most other matters. Crumbs was a proponent of decentralization for the official reasons of cutting bureaucratic waste and governmental overreach. See [A general description of the American economy under fictional American President Crumbs](https://github.com/Changissnz/the_crumbs_economy_made_trenches__claude_generated) for more information. There were major underlying issues when Crumbs took office. Those issues rapidly became more complicated during his rule. The transformation of economic issues during the Crumbs administration was very much a textbook case of the snowball effect.

---

Here was one valuable gift the Crumbs administration gave to the country: the identities of the most dangerous public enemies to the country. Programs got slashed. Many members of Hispania got rounded up into kennels for deportation back to Latin America and Arabia. There was not a lot of match between what the press was saying and what the federal administration was saying. People had more liberty, per se, to show their true colors in that era of Crumbs politics. In a rational world, enemies do not get made without identifiable causes. The Crumbs administration was clearly hellbent on removing resistance and cutting losses, even if that meant letting a kakistocracy run the country's diminished bureaucracy. The kakistocracy of Crumbs did most of the heavy and dirty work for the man. As expected. Mediocre, spiteful, vindictive Philistines fixed on maintaining obstacles to social mobility, and reaping as much product from the populace as their corporatist overlords would permit them to. For the individual, it is moral to abstain when there is choice, and it is a responsibility to comply when there is none — a law of human behavior the kakistocracy most assuredly exploited. In the entirety, the Crumbs administration was not entirely a kakistocracy. But the man, due to his time as an entertainment mogul, surely had a strategy for harnessing the idiotic functionings of a kakistocracy against his political enemies. It was as though he reserved the kakistocracy specifically to deal with his perceived threats, many of them in leftwing coalitions splintered since the fall of Barracks Fromthebomba from public office.

---

Many people already knew, studying the history of the United States since its founding, that the United States did not always play by the rules of pacifism and fair trade. The term "Lebensraum" from Germania accurately characterizes the way colonists seized lands and displaced indigenous peoples. What is humorous is that some Americans would be offended at the usage of this term to describe how land ownership and ethnocultural displacement occurred — for the term is of Germania and not Brittania, Brittania continuing to strive to be the most important ethno-realm, as discussed in [brittania_wanted_to_matter](https://github.com/Changissnz/brittania_wanted_to_matter__claude_generated).

Opponents of Crumbs claimed the administration was bringing back that kind of barbarism. In practice, it appeared as though the pot was calling the kettle black. Prejudice and aggression, especially from a disadvantaged and fearful position, ran deep as a practice within some American demographics.

---

The Crumbs administration did not make any Pandora's Box. It was only a few of the wretched and greedy members of this administration that opened the box enough to profit more in the short term. The right-wing, after all, could have only owned monopolies of product, not of talent and engineering.
